FOCUS v1.0 - preview payload (#282)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/attributes/column_naming_convention.md

# Column Naming Convention

> Column IDs provided in cost data following a consistent naming convention reduces friction for FinOps practitioners that consume the data for analysis, reporting, and other use cases.

Reviewer: > `Column IDs provided in cost data following a consistent naming convention **reduce** friction for FinOps practitioners that consume the data for analysis, reporting, and other use cases.`
```suggestion
Column IDs provided in cost data following a consistent naming convention reduce friction for FinOps practitioners that consume the data for analysis, reporting, and other use cases.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Column IDs provided in cost data that follow a consistent naming convention reduce friction for FinOps practitioners that consume the data for analysis, reporting, and other use cases.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Column IDs provided in cost data which follow a consistent naming convention reducing friction for FinOps practitioners that consume the data for analysis, reporting, and other use cases.
```
